China, once boasted the proudest civilization and her ingenuities were even now the wonder,if not the admirations of the world. Nearly all the great inventions now traced their origin to a nation truly ancient. Porcelain was common in China as early as 165 B.C., and attained its greatest perfection 1000 years ago, while porcelain ornaments have been discovered which dated back 12 centuries before the Christian era. China-ware was common in Europe while China itself was yet unknown. Then came the Dutch navigators, who for long years supplied all Europe with this ware, till the taste for it grew to a passion, and fabulons sums were offered for simple specimens at ancient porcelain. The finest pure white porcelain was the product of the Tokain kiln, and was in the shape of cups and ornaments, with devices under the glaze which were only seen when held up to the light. This kiln was now destroyed, and its beautiful porcelain was very rare. The blue and white porcelain was made at Nankeen until the Tai Ping rebels took the city in 1852. The only considerable porcelain manufactory in China at the present time is at Jingdezhen on Poyang lake. Inferior porcelain was made at many places but nothing that could compare with the work of former days. The discovery of the much-prized crackled China was was purely accidental. Two brothers who manufactured porcelain once quarreled and separated, each setting up for himself. One night, through ill-will, one of them poured cold water in this brother’s kiln, which was filled with porcelain still hot, but instead of being ruined, as was intended, it came out crackled porcelain and made its owner rich. All porcelain was made from a clay or mineral called kaolin, which was flexible, infusible, and of a pure white color bordering on flesh red. The kaolin was found in mountains, amid blocks of granite, and that of China and Japan was whiter than the European article. When agglutinated by the addition of feldspar and fired, or baked. It became semi-transparent. The uses of kaolin were almost universal. Household utensils, roof tiles, flooring slabs were all formed from it. But the greatest monument of porcelaining was the Nankeen tower, which was built of solid porcelain pricks, when nankeen was the capital, 800 years ago. Its walls, glistening in the sum, were visible for miles and it stood for ages, the pride of Nankeen, until destroyed by a rebel fanatic in 1852. The art of enameling in gold, silver and copper was also of very ancient date, and was carried to a high state of perfection. Everything could be enameled. The different colors were obtained by mixing them with the kaolin before the porcelain was made. The art of printing was known in china 3000 years ago, and the practice of printing on paper from chiseled blocks was practiced now as then. The characters were written on thin paper and plastered face downward on the block. Then it was gently worked with the finger till the paper was removed and the characters remained. Then the wood was cut away and the characters left in relief. The printing was done wholly by hand. First the printer inled the letters with a brush, at the same time reaching with his left hand for the paper. With a single motion the paper was laid across the block and a few rubs with a dry brush completed the operation. An expert printer struck off from 8000 to 10,000 impressions daily/ The whole of the Chinese language has however been printed from moveable types. Copied from the Europeans. Books in China were not dear, and all the standard histories and school books were very cheap. The whole of the Confucian classics were sold at from 30 cents to $1.50, according to the quality of the paper, while the Chinese primer, containing 1086 characters, sold from 1 to 2 cents per copy. The Chinese never laid duties on books. Although the invention of gunpowder was claimed by both Germany and England, yet incendiary projectiles were known in China 300 or 400 years B.C., while Grecian historians relate how the progress of Alexander was barred near the Ganges because the gods of the country shot thunder and lightning. The chief feature of Chinese gunpowder was the larger amount of sulphur used in its composition. The mariner’s compass was also invented by a Chinaman, 4000 years ago. The Chinese called it a needle pointing to the south, because it was the height of disloyalty to say pointing to the north, which place was worshiped by Chinese as the dwelling-place of their ruler, and because the Chinaman was opposite to everyone. But the Chinese have regarded this useful instrument as the prototype of the cold north star, and though extensive navigators have relied on it but little.