About two thousand years before the Christian era, the Chinese tribe first settled in the land now known as the province of Shensi, where they increased so greatly until they spread and occupied the whole Eighteen Provinces, which is now called China Proper. The tribe remained a short time in the province of Shensi, the cradle of the Chinese Empire, consolidating strength under their patriarchal chieftains, and gradually pushes themselves at every point of the compass, fighting against physical difficulties of the country. This people brought with them habits of settled labor, and an amount of civilization far superior to those who had preceded them, and thus they were able to subdue the land, and replenish it. History shows that no sooner they were settled down in their new acquired territory than the arts of agriculture and the weaving were displayed. The cultivation of grain for food and flax for clothing were the first objects of their solicitude. Silkworms and mulberry trees were highly appreciated, and great care was bestowed to the rearing of them. It is said the Chinese were clothed with silk long before they had any knowledge of cotton. This valuable plant was introduced into China about 600 years ago from India. In addition to these endowments, the early Chinese possessed the element of intellectual culture. They had a slight knowledge of astronomy; new approximately the length of the year, and recognized the necessity of an intercalary months once every three years, to adjust the seasons, on which their process of agriculture depended. They possessed the elements of their present written hieroglyphical language. end as early as the beginning of Shang Dynasty, B. C. 1765, one of the ministers of state presented a written memorial to his sovereign. With these superior endowments of mind, and the various elements of strength flowing from it, they have carried their civilization, boats in the culture of the mind as well of the soil, two such height, vet, and one period of the world’s history, China stood far above any other nation, and even to this day some of her arts and sciences are not superseded. It is not our province to say much at this time the Chinese elements of intellectual culture. but I wish to bring before you the industrial art of the people whose energies have been exerted for thousands of the year in forcing the earth to yield its products to the support of a redundant population. Among the various branches of labor, agriculture holds the highest place in the estimation of the people. To make this labor honorable, the sovereign sets the example by appearing in person, early in spring, on the sacred field, and, with a highly ornamented plow drawn by an ox, he turns over three furrows, the princess of the royal blood five furrows, and, lastly, the high ministers of state nine furrows. This being done, the emperor and his ministers repair to a pavilion and remain there until the whole field is plowed. The ceremony is of very ancient date, and takes place on the ground of the temple dedicated to heaven and earth at the capital of the empire. This crop raised by his imperial majesty is especially consecrated to the use of the Gods. At this ceremony, a big ox made of clay, with the number of little ones, are carried in a procession to the sacred field. After the field is ploughed, these clay images are broken into pieces, and the multitude scramble for the broken bits, and scatter the ashes over their field to insure an auspicious harvest. Throughout the provinces of the empire, civilians of high and low degree are also required to perform the same ceremony on the same day. Here the prefect and others, having tamed the sod with the plough, return home; on the second day, they meet at early dawn in a temple dedicated to the god of grain, offer sacrifices, and repeat prayers, and perform a series of prostration. As soon as this religious rite is over, at a given signal the clay ox receives a blow at this forehead, when the crowd rushes to secure a piece of the image to strew on their fields. All lands are held as freehold as long as the government receives its annual rent, either in specie or in kind, which is about one-tenth part of its produce. Owing to the redundant population, very few farmers own more than two or three hundred acres. Some, indeed, own their exceptional cases. But millions and millions of them own ten or twenty acres. Thus, the Chinese are considered by Europeans more like gardeners than farmers. The plains of the middle and southern provinces are made to yield two to three crops in rotation every year; at the north, only two. But when patches are laid out for raising vegetables, five, six, seven, and even eight crops are realized. The principal staples of production are: Rice, tea, silk, cotton, hemp (which Chinese make into grass cloth for dresses, of which there are three species, known by the botanical names of Cannabis sativa, Sida titiafolia, Netica nivea), tobacco, indigo, sugar-cane, camphor, vegetable wax, bamboo, from which all paper is made, sweet and Irish potatoes, both foreign plants introduced into the country, the latter solely for European use. Our limited time will not permit us to go into details of the various manipulations of tea, silk, cotton and hemp—a species of flax. We all are aware of the great benefit these have conferred upon mankind throughout the world. We are sure that tea and silk can be made to grow upon American soil, especially in the regions of California, Texas, Arizona and New Mexico; but before you can afford to sell tea at ten or twelve cents a pound, it is useless to make an attempt. Tobacco is raised in great quantity, and some of very superior quality. It is smoked in pipes, very little being made into cigars ; chewing is unknown. Nor have the Chinese arrived to that high state of civilization as to use the juice of this weed in daubing the beautiful silk dresses of the fair ladies. The sugar-cane is principally raised in the southern provinces. Substitute manual labor for steam, the process of making sugar is the same in both countries, with this exception: the Chinese do not purify it with ox’s blood, but press it with mud. It has not that crystalline appearance as the sugar made in this country. Camphor-trees grow in immense forests, and are of great height and dimensions. The process of making camphor is like that of making maple-sugar from the mapletree. The vegetable wax, which we get from the tallow-tree (Stitlingia sebifera), is a tree grown over all the eastern part of China and some parts of the provinces bordering on Thibet and Burinah. An English traveller, describing it, says: “It is a beautiful tree, resembling the aspen in its shape and foliage ; it would form a valuable addition to the list of shade trees in this country. The seeds grow in clusters like ivy berries, and are collected in November ; when ripe the capsule divides, and, falling off, discovers two or three kernels covered with pure white tallow. When the tallow is to be prepared, these are picked from the stalks and put into an open wooden cylinder with a perforated bottom, in which they are well steamed over boiling-water. In ten or fifteen minutes the tal low covering the seeds becomes soft, and they are then thrown into a stone mortar and gently beaten with mallets to detach it. The whole is then sifted on a hot sieve, by which the tallow is separated from the kernels, though containing the brown skin which envelops the latter, and presenting a dirty appear ance. The tallow in this state is inclosed in a straw cylinder, or laid upon layers of straw, held together by iron hoops, and subjected to pressure in a rude press, from which it runs clear in a semi-fluid state, and soon hardens, into cakes. The candles made from it become soft in hot weather, and are sometimes coated by dipping them in wax.” The bamboo plant is cultivated almost everywhere; it is remarkable for its shade and beauty. There are about sixty varieties, different in size, according to its genus ; ranging from that of a switch to a big pole, measuring from four to five inches in diameter. It is reared from shoots and suckers, and, after the root once clings to the ground, it thrives and spreads without further care or labor. Of these sixty varieties, each thrives best in a certain locality. And throughout the whole empire of China the bamboo groves not only embellish the gardens of the poor, but the vast parks of the princes and wealthy. The use to which this stately grass i3 put is truly wonderful. The tender shoots are cultivated for food like the asparagus ; the roots are carved into fantastic images of men, birds, and monkeys. The tapering culms are used for all purposes that poles can be applied to, – in carrying, supporting, propelling, and measuring ; by the porter, the carpenter and the boatman ; for the joists of houses and the ribs of sails ; the shafts of spears and the wattles of hurdles ; the tubes of aqueducts and the handles and ribs of umbrellas and fans. The leaves are sewed upon cords to make rain-cloaks for farmers and boatmen, for sails to boats as well as junks, swept into heaps to form manure, and matted into thatches to cover houses. The bamboo wood is cut into splints and slivers of various sizes to make into baskets and trays of every form and fancy, twisted into cables, plaited into awnings, and woven into mats for the bed and floor, for the sceneries of the theatre, for the roofs of boats, and the casing of goods. The shavings are picked into oakum to be stuffed into mattresses. The bamboo furnishes the bed for sleeping and the couch for reclining, the chair for sitting, the chopsticks for eating, the pipe for smoking, the flute for entertaining ; a curtain to hang before the door, and a broom to sweep around it. The ferule to govern the scholar, the book he studies and the paper he writes upon, all originated from this wonderful grass. The tapering barrels of the organ and the dreadful instrument of the lictor,—one to strike harmony and the other to strike dread ; the rule to measure lengths, the cup to gauge quantities, and the bucket to draw water;' the bellows to blow the fire and the box to retain the match ; the bird-cage and crab-not, the fish-pole, the water-wheel and eave-duct, wheelbarrow and handcart, aud a host of other things, are the utilities to which this magnificent grass is converted. I therefore highly recommend this most useful of grasses to your consideration. The agricultural tools of a Chinese farmer are simple and primitive, being the same as those used for thousands of years past. The plough and the harrow are used for cultivating rice and other grains, while the hoe, spade, shovel and mattocks are used for gardening. The plough is made of wood, the share of which is edged with iron, very flat, aud does not penetrate into the ground more than five or six inches. The harrow is a triangular wood frame, interlined with slabs three inches square, with wooden or iron spikes, two or three inches long, sticking out ou one side, and the driver stands on the other side while harrowing. The hoe is used for gardening purposes. The edge of the wooden blade is guarded with iron, giving weight and impetus to its blow. The deficiency of tools is made up by patient and hard labor. The strain put upon the soil to yield so many crops beyond the limits of nature must necessitate the enormous use of manure. Here the Chinese are not at their wit's end. The practice of ages comes to their assistance. Night-soil from all cities and towns is collected into reservoirs; refuse is gathered from the sweepings of houses ; poor men and boys may be seen all day long, from the earliest morn, sweeping the streets, paths and fields, gathering the excrements of pigs, dogs, cows and horses. Some make a specialty of collecting offal and bones. A great number are employed in scooping the weeds from the beds of canals, ponds, lakes and rivers, which are put into vats, and covered with mud, to cause them to rot. After oil is pressed from the beans, the bean-cakes are used for manure. The quality and strength of the manure is used according to the requirements of the soil and plant. Rotten fish is also used for this purpose. Almost all kinds of vegetables raised in this country are raised in China. There is a certain winter vegetable which thrives best when the frost is thick and snow abundant. Fruits, melons and grapes abound. In the northern provinces, watermelons are so abundant that one entering their fields can eat all the melons he wishes, if he will only leave the seeds. These seeds are sent throughout the country in shiploads. Peaches are fine, better than any I have tasted here. The natives cook them in brine, and then parch them on iron pans. In the southern provinces oranges and other tropical fruits are raised, some of which are not known in this country, such as the Itches, lung gans, curambola and pomelots. Oranges are often sold on the spot at fifty to seventy cents per bushel. But further north, two to four dollars are paid per bushel. Rearing of horses is entirely confined to the northern provinces. The horse commonly seen there is more like a Shetland pony. It is bony and strong. The improvement of this noble animal is entirely neglected, and he looks sorry enough compared with the coursers of India or Persia. He is principally used for carrying the post or for military services. Asses and mules arc more employed for draught in the northeastern province, and camels in Central Asia. In the southern provinces this animal is scarce, owing to the country being cut up with many canals. Sheep are raised in the northern and middle provinces. Their wool is used for making felt, and their meat is much eaten. Cattle are raised throughout the empire. The southern Chinese seldom use (eat) beef on account of religious scruples. They cannot bear to eat the flesh of the animal which had helped the farmer to till the soil to raise grain for the support of man. But the northern ers use it freely. There is an animal called the buffalo, very hardy and strong. It resembles the ox, almost hairless ; its color is black. It is an animal I would strongly advise you to introduce, not for the delicacy of its flesh, but for its power in tilling the soil and heavy draught. A buffalo has two or three times the strength of a horse, and is more steady. Compared with an ox, I should think the buffalo is the stronger of the two. We can readily see the raising of domestic animals is so much neglected for the want of pastoral lands. Grain is too clear to allow acres of land to lie idle for the sake of its grass. The Chinese pig has short legs, round body, sloping back and very short and pug nose. It takes very little to raise them, and pork is the most common meat in the empire. The black Chinese breed, as it is called in England, where it is introduced, is considered the best pork raised in that country. Chickens of the Cochin tribe, and ducks almost as large as geese, are common domestic fowls. The former have been introduced into this country, but I have not seen the duck.