Professor Edward North Revered + dear Sir, It is quite an age since I wrote to you or heard from you. I have nothing of importance to note, save our visit to Washington. I have been called upon to speak on Chinese subjects in a dozen places since I left you. My evenings would all be occupied if I would consent to have them so. The New England people are great on hearing lectures on other countries. The calls have been so numerous that I am obliged to levy a tax of $30 with all expenses paid, which was readily agreed upon. Mr Northrop the Secretary of Education of Connecticut alone pays me a good sum for attending the Teachers Institute which he holds from place to place at the expense of the State. Mrs Laisun Miss Lena my second daughter, Willie + myself started for Washington on the 28th February. We stopped over night at Bloomfield N.J. where I met Rev. Mr G. J Knox brother to J. J Knox in the Treasury. Of course we acknowledged our common Alma Mater, + felt refreshed and invigorating to talk of old times in college. His wife was a daughter of Mr. Faik the merchant of Clinton. Poor lady she was sighing awfully for the hills of Clinton + its literary advantages. She said as soon as Summer comes she is off for home. We reached Washington on the 1st March + took rooms in the Wormley’s where we had already engaged them one week beforehand. The cars were literally jammed full. For some distance I was obliged to stand up. From all parts of the country cars were pouring in like smoke. We remained about one week. Before the inauguration, we improved our time in visiting the places of interest, such as the Capitol Patent office, Treasury, Smithsonian Institute and many others. On the 4th I took my family up to the Capitol + witnessed every thing that went on. The weather was bitterly cold. Afterward we went to Dr. Peter Parker’s corner of the Presidents Square + had a fine view of the soldiers as column after column passed on before that president’s stand. We made the acquaintance of the members of the Cabinet, the Secretary of State + his lady, Mr. Eaton Bureau of Education the president + vice president. When we were at the White House we were introduced to the president + saw all the big lions of the Union down to the beggars that swarm the place for an office somewhere. Willie + Lena were the hero + heroine of the time. He was the prince + she was the princess. After two weeks dissipation I came home pretty well used up. I also went back to Bloomfield N.J. + spent another week. I shall stay at home now + rest awhile. June is fast approaching. My children are looking forward with great anticipation of good time in Clinton. We are all well. Please remember us to all the members of your dear family. I tried to hunt Dexter out in W. but failed. Willie sends love to ‘Fessor North. P.S. Annie is anxiously waiting for Miss Laura’s letter.