Although I have not had a line from you for a long time, I have heard of your whereabouts. Now it seems to me that you have slighted us without good reason. I was told that you and your young ladies were spending your summer in Nantucket at the seaside. Unless you have taken the seven sides of an octagon to reach that place, you must necessarily pass our city. My family complains most woefully that you should be in our midst and not come to see us, say nothing of giving us the pleasure and honor of entertaining you in our home, + show you something of our city. We have kept ourselves very quiet at home. We made no trip to the Springs, Mountains, or Seashores. Since seeing you at the commencement our number of students has been augmented by another installment of thirty lads. The poor little fellows had a rough reception at their debut into this country. At De Moines the train in which they were traveling was attacked by banditti. Although they lost nothing by them, they were more frightened than hurt. Two days after their arrival in this place, they all were placed in their new homes. My colleague Mr. Yung Wing has left for China to be absent for six months. I have now double work to do, which takes up so much of my time that I have refused the many calls for my lecture. Willie has just begun to learn his lessons. He gets along remarkably well. Amy is attending a day school near us. She stands head in the school, although when she first entered, her teacher thought she being a foreign girl, must be very deficient in her education. My two sons are in the high school and are doing very well. I feel I am one of the happiest of men to see my children having such inestimable opportunity of improving their minds. I am certain I shall have nothing to leave them, but the legacy of good education, with that they must shift for themselves in the world. President Brown’s son and daughter called on us a week or ten days ago on their way to Dartmouth. Miss Brown partially promised to stop with us over night on her way back to Clinton. Our love to you all.