As ashing is going back to China this month, it gives me a good opportunity to write to you. Been long I am going to stay here is a question not yet handled but you will probably hear from me with regards to that point in my next letter which I anticipate to write. I am glad that you and your family have wesped the destructive hurricane which we heard about not long ago and have safely arrived in China. I am sorry that I had not written to my friends in China, they however are still remembered and as soon as I find time, I will write to them. There is one particular and important subject which I wish to communicate to you in this letter, and if you are so kind as to carry out what a great desire you will do in a favour which has an intricate relation to my future sphere of life. The one and particular subject is this, that in earnestly wish that you will give employment to my brother Wing Chun and if I do work with too much I have one more request to make, which is this, that I wish you would talk to my uncle Yung Wing Cheong about my staying in this country several years longer. The reason why I make this request of you is … obvious, for I have a great … to get a … education, and there is great probability so much so that it amounts to … that I am going to stay, and of course you are aware that my feelings would not allow me to love my mother and the brother … I promised them all when I left China to return in two years or three years
And you know full well the pafinder of the Chinese, how they mispresent through, how and that they are not able to see as you or any only thread round do, the object, the advantage, and value of being educated. Ignorance and superstition have sealed up the noble facilities of these round, how can they appreciate through of dial worth. Consequently if I should stay, I beg you to talk to my uncle with all you might to present and enable them of the object of my stay in this country for 6 years more, and the sisthe which are from eduction in that till or good a strong as you ear his knowledge… help …, and what may be not ofen life of I live. Few of you talk to him, he has the opportunity and found a Chinese to speak to any mother and of my … brother is employed also, then in but my little … which should know stands in the way to prevent one to stay. At the same time there will be much f… my younger brother to go to school if I decide to stay. I want you to do it for me because you are better acquainted with the Chinese, at the same time they put some confidence in you than anybody else. Ashow is my cousin in whom my mother greatly confides in … working in your house … to him if you have time, how good a thing is to know and some had to know the services that all of which I am bearing. The painful thing which they do not … the … on these that they are of … that I will … the new … with … … …
Mr Brown had been teaching school during all the past month at Rome in New York State. Mrs Brown had been in Monson all the time. She is going to settle at Rome. I suppose you have heard by this time that old Zach was elected President of their … States. This many … … was my shout about half a column. We are all well. My kind regards to Mrs Williams and to all who enquire after me. Grace my many mistakes and bad writing. I hope to write to you again. Please write to me if you have time. What is the prospect in Chinese. Adieu.
