You have no doubt returned to your post by this time. I was indeed very sorry for not being able to go with you to the capital at the time you did. Mr. Yung Wing and myself had a certain work to accomplish. I could not very well leave then. The Committee on Foreign Affairs in Washington has sent us an invitation to go down and lay before them a certain plan by which the cause of Education for the Chinese may be enlarged. I intend to start the middle of this week and shall be absent for one week or ten days. Enclosed I have written a letter to Dr. Hudson, which please forward. It is a change of time for my appearance in Clinton. The 5th of February is agreed upon. I shall be away from home for one week. I would ask your advice whether it would be proper to offer myself to the people in Utica and Albany, to each one evening, a lecture on some subject connected with China, if they would provide me a respectable place and a fair good audience. I give them gratis. I can lecture on the 5th in Clinton, 6th in Utica, 7th in Albany and be at home on the evening of the 8th. If you think the thing advisable will you then, please get the Utica + Albany people to give me a place to lecture. I have several reasons for doing this 1st To get a practice in public speaking 2nd To get the American people more acquainted with China 3rd To prepare myself for the great work of establishing scholarships or something greater in Hamilton College. 4th To raise a crusade against the British government for the sales of opium and encouraging that trade to the destruction of so many human lives. This use of opium in the East is so prevalent and the effect so destructive, that it is high time for some one to rouse the public sympathy to remove this overflowing poison. All the members of my family are well, except Willie, who has an attack of scarletina. I trust he will get over it soon. Give our united kind regard to the Misses North and Ned. My daughter anticipates great pleasure in meeting with them.