I am under very great obligation to you for the “Clinton Courier” and Catalogue of Hamilton College for the year 1872. I do not know to whom I am indebted for the encomium with which some one has touched me up in its columns. He has given me more than I really deserve. I am working hard to get up a series of lectures on China. It will depend very much upon what you and others with you say; whether the public shall pay for what they hear from me, or receive them gratis. If my proposition is adopted, I think I can devise means to increase the amount thus gleaned to a considerable sum. Let us devise a plan by which we shall be able to extend the means of education, + make the institution independent forever. I have a great deal of time in my hand by which I can help towards this great cause. This idea never came to my head until you told me to prepare written lectures for the benefit of the public. When on my way to Springfield I have been thinking why not get these lectures up for the benefit of Hamilton College as well. If I could have known this before hand, I certainly would have joined you to the Buffalo meeting. And with the support of the Alumni throughout the country such a thing must be successful. The very novelty of a Chinaman going about the country lecturing would attract many; to say nothing of the worthy object for which these lectures are given. I am engaged in writing the “Four Professions” namely: The Literary, the Agricultural, the Laborial, (if there be any such word) and the Mercantile. The next subject will be the physical geography of the Celestial Region; then the Opium question, or the Chinese civilization; then Emigration or some others. If you have any works of recent publication on any of the above subject, especially on the physical geography of the Chinese empire, you will greatly oblige by letting me have the loan of them for a short time. Let me hear from you soon. I hope you have received the photos sent to you some days ago. My colleagues have made up their minds to visit New York some time before the 10th proximo: whether they will go as far as Washington I can not say. Please to make our kindest regards to the Misses North and Ned. The same to yourself. P.S. I received also the pamphlet containing the addresses relating to Mrs. North + her father Item[?]: S. Newton Dexter. Please accept my thanks for it.