I have two copies of the printed report of the Chinese Exhibit of the late Centennial Exhibitions but they are packed with my other books so that I do not know where to lay my hands on them. I will send you a copy as soon as I could open the tropes.
I have had the report of the Congressional Committee appointed by the last Congress to investigate Chinese matters in California … mee by a Washington print where I spent too much this … Thank you for your kind remembrances.
In the last not of published diplomatic conferences, I read your answer
To the committees questions with deep interest.
Both Sagent and Perley are what people called “politicians”: What they think and say either as Americans or Chinese matters do not carry great weight with the thinking public, though it cannot be denied that they do exercise an influence with the “herds”.
I have great confidence in such … as … and … They mean well and will act as they mean. I think they will do justice to China and the Chinese.
I wonder if it is true that … Olymplants have accepted the agency to furnish the … with Coolies. This is a poor detestable business … … the most favorable circumstances, and I shouldn’t think the Olymplants would allow this fair named to be limited by a traffic that brings nothing but … and degradation to those engaged in it. The him of steamess referred to undoubtedly is for denying coolies
from Hong Kong to Collas. The Spaniards in Peru and fact through all the South Am. States are a degenerate race and … …, … … , proud … … no more fitted to … … with great responsibilities than the savages of the … To expect justice and … treatment from them …, one might so well cast his lot with … … My heart breaks for the poor Chinese who have fallen into the hands of the Spaniards.
Dr. Brown and Hepburn, I am afraid are too old to last very long, this places must be filled by others. I hope this matter will fall in the right men. And how is your own health? And that of Mrs. Williams? I long to see you thereafter, please write me Yung Wing and done with it.
