I am very sorry that I did not answer the two letters which I received from you sooner. My time for the fact you was pretty well employed in preparing myself for college. I suppose for the four … years. I shall have to … much later than before. I have succeeded in entering college this fall and have already … through the duties of our term and now enjoying the vacation of two weeks. This is the only time in which I expect to work to my … college life is something new to me, although I have a … of its rigid … in the academy. Things are conducted so regularly and the antics so receptive all the time that it … best calculated to make a practical man. My drive and focus through, (as they common say) that he has no time to think of anyone except study. There is also … and … among the students themselves. I … mental excitement than Yale is surrounded by with an atmosphere of ambition. I think a … ambition is production of good results but an inordinate degree is undoubtedly injurious. I more was … to such excitement. I enjoy its influence very much
College life would be much more pleasant to me. I think if I should … with a better preparation. All the amount of time I spent on the languages before I enter was a year and a half, and when I enquire how long others here spent on them, I was surprised to find that most of my classmates have at least three years of it while others six years. … … …, as well as the … ground and of contest. To enjoy college I think a person must have a firm fit or else endowed with indomitable energy and perseverance to drive his studies along.
I am very glad that my mother had … your and also that she is well. The last letter but one however brought me some mortifying news, in it she informs me of the death of my oldest brother and also of her own condition. That letter made me … for … … I gave up all prospects of coming to college although I was there filling lean you inform me whether the news was true or not, it would relieve me from great anxiety ever now, if you should let me know the whole matter. I sometimes feel as though I would give up what I have examined to go home with what education I have to render the condition of my mother and others who are known to me by the … of maternal affection
Better. I can see in my mind eye their condition. There is nothing that would … more than to think of them. Had it not been for some other reasons which however, I deem not superior to the duty which is due to a parent, I would have come home long ago. But as things now stand, I leave them all to you. Providence who will not allow a hair fall without his mother. The only thing that I can do for them now is to pray for them.
Afern has along lift me, he is now in Scotland. I feel very …, no one now lacks with me in china and I am fast loosing especially the … or … past of my china. I have therefore, and having no idea of remaining how long through college, when I left china, I did not bring with me any china books, recording. I have … a bill in the letter, the … which I stand in need of and will you be so kind as to purchased them for me. Any thing that I can do for you please let me know. I once drive great pleasure in driving it. I am very anxious to hear some of my classmates in china I have written to every one of them but received no answer. Aching has not written to me a word since he left here. I … from that … of the … is … and what there is in generally … this rather … ones capacity than about it. How do the Chinese and the foreigners getting along?
I had the fortune of seeing Mr. and Mrs. Brown in A. Haven since I entered college. They both were very well. I suppose you know that Mrs. Mary lives in the city. He is also studying theology. I must … my letter him. Give me best regards to Dr. Bridgiment and family, Dr. Bell, Dr. Happer and a host of others whom I always remember. 
N.B. Please send me one of Dr. Bells almanac for I have lost the … of the Chinese. Two if you please, one for 1851 and the other for ’52 if he has it.
I shall send you the money as soon as possible for those which as my knowledge of the Chinese language is my limited. I would like to have some of those books printed before you send them. Very much obliged to you for the many favors you do me.
