Yours date the 28th and 30th ulto respectively came safely to hand. They would have been answered long ago had I not other obligations to discharge. As I returned home, an urgent request was sent to me to prepare a paper for the “American Teacher’s Institute” which was held in Concord N.H. where I had been for the past week. I came home late last evening and now I take the first opportunity to thank you for the affectionate regards you expressed in your letter of the 28th of last month. I was very sorry indeed not to have seen more of you during commencement, but I knew well your time was occupied constantly in the duties of that occasion. I did not wonder at all of your severe illness after the excitement was over. We all enjoyed ourselves hugely. Mrs Laisun & the young ladies were very much interested in all the exercises. If my life is spared as well as the lives of my sons till next year, I hope to take them to Clinton & have them catch the inspiration of “Old Hamilton.” I let them go up to Amherst to attend the commencement there after their school. They made the acquaintance of one who had just attended the exercises of Hamilton College. He told them that the speaking & the subjects of their speeches were very tame compared with those of Hamilton. And this young man had an idea of entering Amherst too. My sons also told me that they did not think the speeches very brilliant. I am happy to inform you that my sons after an examination of two days were admitted to the High school with flying colors. Between two & three years more they will be ready for college. The principal of the High school was well pleased with their papers and commended them very highly. Our city is in great excitement about the college regatta. The local papers as well as the local people talk nothing else all day but the regatta. I am truly sorry Hamilton College is not represented - and for the absence of which my children are obliged to wear the color of Yale the nearest to Hamilton. The two Misses Branch who are spending their summer in Greenfield the sisters of Branch who had just graduated are expected to come on here and spend a day or two with us to the regatta. I wish you and the young ladies could come and attend this grand fete of sculls and shells; but I am afraid you are all already gone to some summer retreat and this invitation is too late for you to get ready to be here. You requested me to write down what I said at the commencement. I am afraid I shall not be able to do it, because I do not remember what I said. I know I did not say any thing wrong. So you will please excuse me. If the newspaper reporter had taken down my useless speech, he is welcome to publish it. At the commencement I suppose I received a degree, of what nature I am not able to tell. Whether hot or cold, high or low good or bad the diploma I got before in the presence of a clapping crowd is perfectly silent and blank. It contained however, a small slip of paper with these words. “It will be filled up & sent to you as soon as convenient.” Will you please see the proper Mandarin and send me the Warrant as early as he can make it convenient. Whatever expenses occurrent on such warrant being issued shall be paid by the party on whom it is served as soon as the amount is named. My family enjoyed the exercises of the commencement very much & it is quite an epoch in the history of their life. Our united love to all your family