Indeed, the theory that prevails in China respecting the organ from which our wisdom or knowledge comes is very different from the one that Americans hold. The latter locate the mind in the brain, while we suppose it to be in the stomach. This may be because the two countries are bound to hold contrary view. It would probably take me about three months to tell you all about the customs and manners of the country from which I came, so I will confine myself to one subject, – the Chinese marriage ceremony. The young man who wants to marry, but is bashful, had better go to China. There the work will all be done for him by a go-between. A professional matchmaker will manage the entire negotiation for $10 or $20. But the ladies would find it unpleasant there, for they have no voice in the matter. When a son is approaching manhood – say at the age of 16 or 18 – his parents begin to look up a suitable person to become his wife. The services of a matchmaker are secured, and she (for a person of this profession is almost invariably a woman) recommends some maiden as a fitting person. She deliates on the charms and excellences of the girl, describes her feet, two inches and a half long, and her delicate hands, and, in general, makes her appear as well as possible. The mother, after consulting the almanac and selecting a lucky day, mounts ger sedan chair and goes to the house of the young lady, some intimations of her visit having been previously sent. She is received by servants in a sitting-hall, where she smokes her pipe, if she chances to be a user of the weed. A cup of tea is brought, and she is always expected to take at least a sip of it. The maiden, when presented, is the object of the closest scrutiny, which, however, always ends in compliments upon her feet, hands and other members. The finger-nails are important as beautiful features. They are often three inches in length; frequently, too, the are plated with gold or silver, both for purpose of adornment and to present them from being broken. The mother obtains a history of the young lady’s life, writes out the horoscope of her son and both accounts are place before the household god. Not infrequently she consults a soothsayer who is familiar with the science of astrology. The signs of the zodiac are represented in China by animals, not the same ones, however, that we use. If one of the prospective parties to the contract is born under the sign of the tiger, and the other under that of the rat, the mother in great consternation suggests that the tiger may eat up the rat, and there will be a fuss in the family; but the soothsayer is paid for doing his work, and he usually contrives to explain away the unpropitious signs, and gets his fee of 50 cents or less. So far, so good. The youth sends a beautiful present to the damsel, accompanied by a slip of paper bearing simply a word which means “beseech.” The maid, in turn, makes him the recipient of a gift, and sends with it the expression “I grant.” Up to this time, the work is merely preliminary. The parties, who very likely have never seen each other, may have to wait years for the consummation of their happiness. Sometimes betrothals are made before the birth of the persons. If both of the expected children are males, or both females – why, then the wedding never comes off. Just before the time set apart for a wedding-ceremony, a grand house-cleaning takes place. A great deal of money is spent on preparations; it costs the Chinese a round sum to marry or to die. Apart of the preparatory ceremony is the assembling, at the house of the betrothed maiden, of her intimate friends, who bewail her approaching departure into matrimony. The bribe usually does to the home of the groom. She is followed by a long procession, that marches to the sound of the drums, tom-toms and other musical instruments. The expenses of such a progress often amount to $80,000 or $40,000. The bride’s face is conceal by a red veil; and the hole procession is decked with red, for this color is symbolic of chastity. A lantern carried aloft bears the names, for example, of Ching and Chang, and indicates that Mr. Ching is about to marry Miss Chang. Anybody, even the highest official, who meets the procession, must turn out and let it pass. The bride, the groom and their friends meet around an altar erected at the house which they have now reached. On such an occasion as this alone can anybody, expect the emperor, worship God directly. Him they adore around the altar by kneeling three times and knocking their heads nine times against the floor. After that they worship the ancestors. Then the bride and groom go to a table, where a cup of wine is set before each, the cups being united by a cord. Here the happy man lifts the veil (he alone has power to do it) and looks upon his lady for the first time. But it is a long while before the relations of man and wife become intimate. They take no bridal tour, have no honeymoon; and the woman affects great shyness towards her lord. Such a ceremony as this, said the speaker, seems very strange to Americans, but it is justifiable, and even necessary, in the present semi-civilized condition of China. The rules of the society keep men and women widely separated. But, though concubinage prevails widely in China, chastity is a prominent virtue of the women of that country; and, on the whole, the marriage system of China is preferable to that of France and Austria.