The history of commerce has seldom a darker page than is shown in the intercourse of these companies with the eastern nations. Among the early staples of trade, no article, whether of import or export, showed healthier statistics or a greater demand than opium. The introduction of opium into China dates from 1676, it being used for medical purposes. From a few tens of chests it grew to a thousand, and from this to 76,500 chests in 1856; in 1870. The amount consumed was over 150,000 chests, and every ounce of this was smoked by the Chinese. The drug is called in China a pien, imitation of opium; other vile names are given to it, Black Earth, Black Rice, Black Commodity, Smoking Dirt, Foreign Poison and Foreign Medicine. The opium is imported from India,and is produced from the fruit of the poppy; it is of two kinds, named from the provinces whence it is brough; the Patna weighs 160 pounds, and the Malwa 140 per chest. The Patna is warranted, and comes in balls resembling cannon balls; the Malwa is made by the people, and comes in chunks, and is liable to be impure. The revenue collected by the Indian government on opium in 1856-7 was nearly £4,000,000 sterling; in 1870-1 it was £8,000,000 sterling. It first dissolved in water, strained and boiled to a paste, then it is spread out like a very large pancake and left for several hours to soak; it is then boiled again until it becomes like thick treacle, when it is ready for use. The opium-pipe is similar to a flute, made of wood, bamboo or cane, with a bowl of earthenware at one extremity having a hole like a pin’s head. The smoker lies down on a couch, – never as he is often represented standing or sitting – having a small lamp well like by his side; he dips a needle like a knitting-needle into a small cup of the opium, and holds it over the lamp. When the stuff begins to swell he works it over on the bowl of his pipe, repeating the process until he has obtained a particle of opium the size of a pea, when he sticks it over the hole of his pipe and inhales five or six whiffs. Of the opium thus obtained three-tents evaporates in smoke and seven-tenths s lodged in the cavity of the bowl, which cavity is scraped now and then with a peculiar scraper. A novice is content with three or four pipes, which always produce nansea, vertigo and excitement, preventing sleep for hours. But an old smoker would draw with one breath the whole smoke of one pipe, allowing none to escape. The temperate smoker generally smokes after his meal, but the adept smokes at any and all times, especially at night. It is a notorious fact that the smoker of the black dirt while preparing the does with the needle over the the lamp, is brooding dark schemes of burglary and murder. The poor commit offenses of various degrees; but it is the high class of smokers among the mandarin officers, among lawyers, who spent their lives in the perpetration of the most horrid crimes and abominations that blacken the history of modern China. It is a byword among the Chinese that an opium-smoker is never to be trusted. The testimony given by men of all classes, merchants, missionaries, Europeans, opium dealers themselves being the judges, shows that the baleful effects of this drug upon the human systems are, the general deterioration of all the mental faculties, debility, sallow complexion, lividness of lips and eyelids, languor, lack of luster in the eye and hollowness of the voice. When the periodical thirst comes on, mucus flows from the nostrils, and tears from the eyes; the burning sensation in the throat cannot be allayed until the portions is administered. If the pipe is withheld altogether, coldness and aching pains penetrate the body, accompanied with diarrhea, and death finally ensues. There is not the least evidence that the court at Pekin was not sincere in its desire to suppress the trade from the first edict, in 1800, till the war broke out in 1840. The excuse that the government smuggled, because its revenue cruisers engaged in it, and the provincial authorities winked at it, is no more satisfactory, in a large view of the case, than is the successful bribery of custom house officers in England or elsewhere a proof of the corruption of the treasury department. The temptation of an increasing and lucrative trade was as strong in the heathen Chinee smuggler as it was to the Christian merchants and monopolists who placed the poisonous drug constantly within their reach. A treaty of peace was concluded, though the British government failed to induce the Chinese to legalize opium. The emperor said: “It is true, I cannot prevent the introduction of the flowing poison. Gain-seeking and corrupt men will, for profit and sensuality, defeat my wishes; but nothing will induce me to derive a revenue from the vice and misery of my people” O! Ye philanthropists of Christendom and ye friends of humanity, ye who have breathed the dungeon’s pestilential air, ye who have sacrificed millions of dollars to liberate the slaves, yea, ye who have given up your sons and your husbands to pour out their precious blood upon the altar of humanity, is it less meritorious to deliver a nation from the poison that sweeps them by millions to destruction, every year, through the perfidy of people boasting of Christian civilization and high culture? Shall the fleet of Great Britain keep pouring in year by year the deadly instrument, demoralizing the people, compared with which slavery is a blessing? Shall we see these destructive balls of opium wrapped with the leaves of the Bible presented to the poor Chinaman and say to them, “Read, digest and obtain eternal death?” Shall all the institutions of Christian benevolence to proclaim faith, hope and charity be made as dung-hills by Black Dirt? There are many men of pure mind in England, who from time to time denounce the diabolical traffic of opium in China, but they are not aware of the wholesale destruction committed in that country. Finally, you citizens of the United States, I appeal to your philanthropy, I appeal to your independence, shall the curse of the opium be the watchword of China’s salvation?