Tea grows in every Province in China, except three or four upon the northernmost Siberian border,But the quality and quantity produced depends largely upon locality. The tea-plant grows five or six feet high, and is like our currant shrub, only a little thicker. The leaves are in shape and size like those of the willow. They are picked about the middle of April, in May, and in July; sometimes there are gleanings as late as August. The leaves are not picked one by one, but stripped off in handful by men, women and children, who to go about doing this work.There are very few large tea plantations; is rare even to find one of a hundred acres, but there are tea patches everywhere. The real business of the country people is raising rice for food, but they cultivate tea and silk as extras, and for pocket-money, as the Irishman raises a pig. When the leaves are stripped off, they are exposed in a cool, dry place, for a day or two, then rolled into a ball on the table of bamboo slats, and dried in the sun. The rolling is to extract a portion of the juice of the leaves. After they have been dried in the sun, they are put into an egg-shaped iron pan over a charcoal fire, and incessantly stirred until a certain point of dryness is reached. The operator stirs with his hands, thrusting them in all portions of the pan, and practice enables him to dry the leaves almost exactly alike. The raiser goes through this process, and then bring his tea in bamboo baskets to the tea merchant, who adjudges its quality and buys it at prices varying from $15 to $20 per pien, equal 188 1-3 pounds. The merchant mixes his purchases together in a large reservoir, and at his convenience weighs out a number of pounds of tea leaves, and the women and children spread them upon a large stage and separate the leaves into grades, according to the quality. The tea stalks are the lowest grade, and the sorters are paid by the number of ounces of stalks they bring in. Children learn from four to five cents a day; the very best workers really earn as much as ten cents a day. Americans could hardly live upon such wages, and until other nations can raise for tea 12 cents a pound they cannot compete with China and its production. After the sorting, each grade is packed by itself in chest or bamboo baskets; the first for exportation, the latter for home consumption. A chest of tea in China weighs from 100 to 110 pounds, a half-chest from 60 to 70,and there are smaller boxes or caddles, containing from five to ten pounds. The chests are filled to their utmost capacity, the packers even jumping in the boxes to get in the last possible ounce.The chests are made perfectly tight, and matted and interlace outside with bamboo netting, as we get them on this side of the water. The tea is then ready for exports, and is ordered by importers through a tea taster. The taster is paid from $2,000 to $8,000 per year, and his modus operandi is follows: He has a long, narrow table, on which 60 or 70 cups are set; a boy weighs exactly one ounce from a simple box into one of these cups, and if he has samples enough, all the cops are used. Hot water is then poured into each cup, and after 5 minutes the boy calls the master, who sips from every cop, holds the liquid in his mouth a moment, then ejects it and notes in his book the quality of the tea. The purchaser orders upon his taster’s estimate, and when his package arrive at the warehouse, about one in 20 is opened for comparison with the sample. If it proves off inferior grade, a material reduction is at once made in the price, so that without the connivance with the tea-taster the adulteration of tea next to impossible in China. Sometimes after the first drawing the leaves are collected and redressed, but this is the only way in which adulteration is practiced. In comparing the contents of the chest with the sample, the leaves are examined to see whether they are old or young or middle-aged. The younger the leaves choicer will be the tea. Tea in China means black tea, unless green is specially designated. It is still in dispute, even it its home, whether black and green tea belong to the same species. They are branches of the same variety, black or green according to the localities where they grow. If a seed of black tea be planted in the green tea region, a few generation will make them both alike. When black tea is high, green can readily be turned into black, but black cannot be made to appear green. The latter obtain its bluish color artificially, Prussian blue being used in the coloring, but in such small quantities as to be harmless. The annual average yield of a tea plant is about 20 ounces, and too much rain affects the quality as well as the amount. The plants live from 20 to 80 years, and, when old, are frequently cut down and a young shrub grafted into the old stock. Quicker returns are thus obtained, but the plant does not last so long. Ten or twelve drawings of pure tea are required to obtain a limpid liquid, and 15 drawings will not usually exhaust all its strength. Tea is drank pure in China, but there are very different ways of preparing it. The Chinese tea connoisseurs purchase an article costing variously from $16 per pound to $20 an ounce. If he uses this choicest kind, which is only grown on the tops of the mountain, and of which only 10 or 15 piculs are produced in the Kingdom, he has a “baby” tea-pot, an inch and a half high and about an inch in diameter. A pinch of tea is put in, about 20 drops of hot water turned on, and it is ready to sit. It would be very intoxicating to drink much; even the taste of a sip will remain in the throat for hours after the tea has evaporated. The more common way of tea drinking is to have a teapot six feet high and three feet in diameter, kept warm, ready for anyone to drink who chooses. With good tea it is not very important how it is prepared, but the best way, perhaps, is to first warm the pot with hot water, then put in tea and pour boiling water upon it. The tea should never be boiled. The common people drink the tea stalks. The seeds are about the size of a small cherry, and from those not wanted for planting oil is expressed and used for cooking pomatum purposes. Much of the black tea comes from Bohea or “Woo-e” District, which produces the Pecco, or white haired tea, Orange Pecco (highest fragrance), Red Plum blossoms and Dragon’s whiskers. Hung Foo or common tea is made valuable by labor. Our English breakfast is of this kind, and it sells for from $25 to $60 per picul. Green tea is classed under the names of Gunpowder, Imperial, Hyson and other names well known here. Oolong is recognized by a Chinese as Black Dragon tea, and rank high, being a black tea with green tea flavor. The tea plant is not extremely old in China. It is discovery only dates back about 1400 years. The trade was confined to the immediate neighborhood of the kingdom until comparatively a recent date. In 1669 the shipments to England were 147 3-4 pounds, but in 1859 they had increased to 85,000,000 pounds, and in 1870 the British government derived a revenue of over £6,000,000 from the tax on tea. Indirectly the United States owes its independence to tea. Chemists, botanists, and doctors may disagree upon its merits, but it has always been a favorite beverage with brainworkers; it cheers and invigorates, but does not inebriate. The Chinese are proverbially healthy and the tea-taster is long-lived.