As my friend Mr. Hanbury has told you I am here in England on an educational mission. I had no idea when I came to this country that a society for the suppression of the Opium Trade had an existence in this great city. When I was informed of the fact, I was very glad to find that such a society had originated among a people who had to a great extent forced the trade upon the Chinese nation. It reveals an anomalous and paradoxical state of things. You do and you do not; you force and yet you restrain. To bring such a state of facts before the Chinese mind would involve the making of a statement which would be characterized as entirely absurd. I take it as a matter of course that the Opium traffic is and must be a curse to any nation beyond a certain limit, such limit being drawn at the point where opium ceases to be necessary or useful for medicinal purposes. Druggists and chemists have ascertained that opium is one of the best remedies for the cure of certain diseases to which humanity is subject, but though the Chinese are very much diseased, I must say I do not think opium, as they use it, is likely to cure them. On the contrary, I think it must and does tend to ruin the Chinese as a nation. The effects of the drug upon the Chinese since its first introduction among them have been something very marvellous and wonderful to describe. There have been thousands, indeed I may say millions, of families ruined by its use. No arithmetic can properly or accurately compute the amount of evil which has worked. It is not necessary for me to dwell upon this point, because I know that every person in this audience will agree with me that the whole result of the traffic in its effects upon the people simply ruinous. All who have travelled in the East whether they have been engaged in manual occupations, or have been members of the learned professions, or have been occupied in missionary labour, will testify without exception to the fact that the effects of opium upon the Chinese have been simply ruinous – no words in fact can adequately describe the evil effects of opium upon the human system as exemplified in the case of the Chinese. I may remark in passing that in China opium is not eaten as in England, America, and all over Europe, but is smoked. There is however, no difference in the effect it has upon the human system between the consumption of opium by smoking and eating. If we go back to the year 1770, we shall find that not more than a few chests of opium were imported by China; at the time of the first English war with China, not much more than thirty years ago, only a few thousand chests were imported annually – and part of this was used for medicinal purposes – but since then the annual import has grown to tens of thousands, and the increase is still going on. And there is no possibility of breaking the people of the habit as long as the import continues. When once a man has contracted an inveterate habit of opium-smoking, he cannot stop it without endangering his life – it becomes a case of life or death with him. It is a fortunate circumstance in the economy of nature that human beings will cling to life, but it is a fact, as far as the Chinese are concerned, that they cling to life, but yet go on taking poison every day of their lives. I will not dwell at length upon the use of opium, but I will not leave this branch of the subject without mentioning some of the horrible results which flow from it. My friend Dr. Lockhart, whom I have known for more than twenty years, would be able to give you, perhaps, more information on this point than I can. One of the most common results of the use of the drug is, that the opium-smoker cannot be trusted. He entirely loses all his principles of integrity – if he ever had any – he loses every energy which the Deity has bestowed upon him, and this in order to satiate his appetite. To the same end he will sell his children and pawn his wife. could bring not one or two, or hundred, or thousand, but tens of thousands of cases forward in support of this statement. This being the state of things and the evil still going on, this society has been formed, as suppose, for the purpose of influencing men of standing and also the Government in order to the final suppression of this diabolical traffic. It is all very well for one party to make an effort, but unless there  is a combined effort put forth by all who are interested in the matter, the Chinese will continue to use the drug in spite of all the moral influences which may be brought to bear upon them. From my small experience of Chinese officials, I can say that there exists among them a strong desire to put an end to the traffic and its consequent evils. I know that this wish animates officials so high in the service of their country as Tseng Kwo-fan, Li Hung Cheung, and Shin Paou Ching, the last-named of whom is head of the Chinese Arsenal, and was selected by the Chinese Government to proceed to Formosa and settle the difficulty which arose between his own country and Japan. With regard to Shin Paou Ching I may say that although it is entirely inconsistent with the rules and customs of the Chinese Empire to 4 man to perform important official business in his own province, he has been chosen by the Government as Imperial Commissioner, and sole Generalissimo of the 10,000 troops who were sent to Formosa under the circumstances have just mentioned. This will show the confidence which is reposed in Shin Paou Ching, and the high position which he holds in his native country. He is a man of great influence, disinterestedness, and liberality; a man who while not what in this country would be called Conservative, is not likely to grasp at every new innovation. I have had many conversations with the officials whose names I have mentioned, and each of them has expressed a desire that some effectual means should be taken to put an end to the traffic. It has been suggested that the import duty should be raised, but if that was done the English Government would say, “Look at your treaty.” If on the other hand the Chinese Government were to dispute the introduction of opium to their country from India on the ground that they did not desire it, the English Government would again say, “Look at your treaty.” Thus it is that with every wish to put an end to the opium traffic in the interest of the people, the hands of the Chinese Government are tied by the treaty. At the time when China opened her ports, and opium was smuggled into the country, the English said nothing about the treaty, while China could say nothing, because she had no power of resistance. The main difficulty lies in the fact that British merchants go out to China and the East to make fortunes, and make fortunes they will, must, and shall, with the assistance of the British Government, whether China lives or dies. The course of events in this connexion reminds me of the story of the father who, when his son was about to leave England for the East in order to seek his fortune, said to the boy, “ John, make money; make it honestly you can, but ––,” and then he stopped: the “but” spoke quite a volume of meaning. These are the facts with regard to the opium traffic in China, and the question remains: “What are we to do?” My answer to this is that I do not know. The Government is against us, and the merchants are carrying on their trade under, and according to, the treaty. We can do nothing, and, as I have said, the high officials in China, who are as anxious as we are to put a stop to the traffic, are equally powerless with ourselves. This has been the state of things up to the present time, but I shall think my mission has been accomplished if I can return to China and inform my friend Shin Paou Ching, that a body of English philanthropists in the City of London have formed themselves into an Anti-opium-traffic association, and that they will do the utmost that lies in their power to influence their own Government and important official people abroad in order to put an end to the trade. It will afford me great satisfaction to inform my friend that this society of which I speak, and whose members I am now addressing, is not composed of the “riff-raff” of London, or of men who have no brains, but consists of men of high standing, learning, and well-balanced minds, who look to the interests of humanity for their own sake, and not in order merely to accumulate wealth by promoting a diabolical trade like that in opium. It will afford me the utmost satisfaction to assure my friend that there is a body of men in London quite ready to extend the right hand of fellowship to any body of men in China who desire to put an end to the trade which is ruining their country by utterly demoralizing and debasing the vast majority of its inhabitants. Passing on to another branch of the subject I would venture to express the opinion that in sheer self-defence the Chinese are at the present moment cultivating the poppy in all parts of the empire. The principle upon which they act is this: they say we must do something to put an end to the importation of opium, and the best thing we can do is so far to cultivate the poppy and produce opium in our own country, as that no profit can be gained by its export from other countries for sale in the Chinese markets. This the Chinese say not because they delight in the use of the drug, but merely as a matter of self-defence. It may be said that this is a very absurd way of putting an end to the consumption of opium in China, but it is the only course which can be adopted by the Chinese themselves. In former years the cultivation of the poppy in China was an offence punishable, and punished, by imprisonment, confiscation, and even death. The law still remains, but the Government wink at its infringement, and, though passed in comparatively recent times, the law is practically obsolete. As I have said the Chinese cultivate the poppy in self-defence, and when the two parties in England and China so far agree as to put an end to the importation of opium from India, the growth of the poppy will cease in the whole Chinese empire, except in so far as it is necessary to produce opium for medicinal purposes, and that will probably be prescribed by law. I am afraid that tho bulk of the Chinese people do not understand this question as far as its details are concerned, but I believe that all the Chinese population are agreed in believing that tho opium traffic is a curse. The sentiment of filial piety in China is very strong, and a son when asked by his father for money to be expended in a perfectly harmless and necessary way, will not think of refusing although he knows that will be devoted to the purchase of opium for smoking. This must and does produce in the son’s mind a feeling of distrust which cannot be eradicated, and which must tend to destroy the feeling of trust and confidence which ought to exist between members of the same family. Again, the opium-smoker turns day into night. He sleeps all day and works all night – not at any legitimate business but at the pipe. He dreams away his life. In order to gratify his passion for the opium which is destroying him he will pawn his house and all it contains, and as I said in the early part of my speech, he will sell his children and pawn his very wife. No language can describe all the horrors which result from the use of opium in China; it involves a state of existence which the Chinese describe as “living in second hell.”
The very fact of carrying out the scheme I have described must result in the creation of a mutual feeling of friendship, and a good understanding between the peoples of the two countries which can only result in advantage to both. There is no doubt that the English language is becoming every day more commonly spoken in China and the East generally in official circles, and I therefore think it most important that knowledge of the kind I have described should be widely diffused among the class of persons who are to be the Chinese officials of the future. For this reason I glory in my own knowledge of the English language, and hope that the Chinese boys who may hereafter be sent to England may learn to speak your language a great deal better than can the speaker who has been addressing you, and who, in closing his remarks, thanks you for a patient and courteous hearing.
In China there are three classes of smokers: the inveterate smokers, the moderate smokers, and the indifferent smokers. The census would be difficult to obtain, but I should say that the majority of the inveterate smokers would be found among the lower classes, who use refuse opium, which has the effect of increasing the craving for the drug.
The primary effect upon the consumer of opium is on the body.
Such cases are very few. The effect of opium upon the body is that the face gets very sallow and emaciated, and the physique generally becomes reduced and slender. The eyes assume an appearance of blankness, the retina seeming altogether to have lost its lustre. The effect upon the mind is – that the opium-smoker loses his mind altogether.
My observation has shown me that in China there are many persons who never take the pipe at all except on occasions when they are paying visits of courtesy to friends who are in the habit of using the drug. This occasional use of opium has no evil effect at all. Further, there are two ways of smoking, the one being to inhale the smoke into the lungs, and then exhale it either through the mouth or nostrils; the other simply to take the smoke into the mouth, and puff it out again immediately. The first method is that of the habitual or inveterate smoker, the second that of the smoker who simply indulges occasionally as a matter of etiquette or courtesy. Unless a smoker of the last class takes two, three, or four pipes, and then resumes on the following day, it will have no evil effect. If, however, he does resume, the chances are that he will keep on, and in ten or fifteen days he will become addicted to it and develop into an inveterate smoker.
The statement of Dr. Ellis is undoubtedly accurate, but I would remind him that the effect of opium when eaten is much greater and much more injurious than when it is smoked, and this last is the invariable way of consuming the drug in China.
