My young friends, this is a school on Sunday;  you learned here nothing about grammar, but everything about Christ. Many schools study philosophy and astronomy, but those branches of study are nothing, compared with what is taught here. The learning of the schools makes men proud of their philosophy, but in Sunday school we become like little children before One higher than the greatest philosopher. What these children are taught here, raises them higher than even the rulers of many great, almost civilized nation. I would like a Sunday school class of kings: the shah of Persia, the sultan of Turkey, the emperors of China and Japan, and many more; and if I should say to these wise men, capable of commanding vast armies and governing millions and millions of people, “Who made the world?” – they would tell me “Chance.” These great rubberheads know nothing of the religion of Jesus Christ or of the felicity of heaven. They are groping in the dark, as you have to feel your way when you go down cellar in the evening without a light. I have conversed with many great man, viceroys and governors in all parts of the world, and with all sorts of men everywhere, but in no other country have I seen such a diffusion of intelligence as in the United States. I do not say this to flatter you, but it is true, and I attribute much of it to the influence of Sunday Schools. They comprise a great many of population, reaching from ocean to ocean and from the gulf of Mexico to the St. Lawrence River. You have read in your Bibes how at Athens Paul found an altar to “the unknown God.” The Greeks were then remarkable for their education, but they saw no God, in the clouds or in the sea; and these children are wiser than they. It is Sunday school teaching that has done the work. This is your 26th anniversary, and I bid you a happy new year. In a quarter of a century you have sent many to bless society and will send many more, but you much not be discouraged if little is accomplished. We are all mere materials: some gold, some wood, and some straw; ot makes little difference which, but if you are only straw, with activity and perseverance your straw will become a hundred times its first value. I want you to remember how on your 26th Sunday school anniversary a man from China told you about that class of kings, and when you think of it, remember, too, the story of God’s once being very angry with the people of Sodom. He meant to burn up the city, but Abraham asked him to spare it for the sake of 50 good men, and then, feeling very unease, he asked it for 30, and at least even for the sake of 10 good men. Each time God said “yes,” unil Abraham stopped asking. God will accept even very little from us, and I have no doubt if Abraham had kept on asking, God could have spared the city for the sake of two or three righteous men. God gives us a great deal, and yet he is glad to have us give him very little. If you only keep one of the ten commandments and break all the rest, you will be rewarded for that. There is a mighty nation in the East that has endured 4000 years, and sands to-day, amid the wreck of surrounding nations. That nation kept one of the commandments, the fifth. They honor their parents, and verily their days have been long in the land. In China, if the children are playing their their parents enter the room, the children keep very still until they are allowed to play again; or if a guest comes in and the father rises to hand him a chair, all the children run to take the chair from their father and give it to the guest. If a child murders its parent, he or she must be chopped into 10,000 pieces – into mince pie meat – but if a father kills his child, the law does not touch him, because it deems such a crime unnatural and not to be thought of except under the most tremendous provocation. Families make up the nation, and their behavior denotes a well or ill-regulated country. Here the Sunday school should be the fountain-head of good government in the nation and at home, everywhere teaching you to live so as to be happy here and hereafters.